# hello-world
Hello world of developers
I am Dishon Yoweri Odidi. I hold a Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Degree from Maseno University. I am currently working with Brown University in collaboration with Kenya Medical Training Institute as their Data Analyst charged with the responsibility of managing, formulating, developing, deploying and maintaining their database. I have an extensive background in building and maintaining and developing on-site databases that help in the management of data. I am aspiring for a top managerial position of a software engineer that will give me more challenging aspects and form a professional turn to my career.
I have worked as a Data Computer Programmer at the CWRU/KEMRI a position I have held since 01/04/2013. I have 7 years working experience with UMN/KEMRI a research organization dealing with HIV/AIDS and Malaria as a Data Management Assistant charged with the responsibility of ensuring that all staff needs on IT grounds are efficiently and satisfactorily met, databases are updated, cleaning of data, back up of data, data tracking both hardware and software, data processing and storage in line with the Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) data management guidelines, computers and other hardware are efficiently maintained, the network and server are in good condition, verification of data to ensure no discrepancies, and all the duties that a Data Management Assistant is expected to handle. I have excellent computer skills (Word, Excel, Ms Access, PowerPoint, Internet and E-mail communication, Java, Redcap JavaScript, R, CSS, HTML, Programming in C, C#, SPSS, Epi Info, 4SQL Data Management Fox Pro and File Maker Pro) I also have a proper understanding of Windows Server 2003 and 2008. I am also able to work with Stata comfortably. I also have experience in handling research data that require confidentiality and I have been able to maintain that. I am also able to work under pressure with minimal supervision. I am hardworking, dedicated value driven individual. I also have good communication and interpersonal skills and I enjoy working as part of a team to achieve positive goals in organizational development.
